Stephen Bassett is mad as hell,
and he's not taking it anymore.
He says the game of hiding the presence of extraterrestrial
presence here on Earth has to end,
that it's time for full disclosure.
I met Stephen at perhaps one of the most profound events
of my life, in Washington D.C. at the National Press Club
where approximately two dozen former military and
civilian officers disclosed their personal experiences
relating to visitations by what we call
extraterrestrial beings.
Stephen, along with millions of us, want to know
what the agenda is.
Stephen, last time I saw you was at one of the
most extraordinary events I have ever witnessed
in my entire life, which was in May of 2001
at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C.
at the Disclosure Event, and my guess is that only
a fraction of a percentage of the people watching
this interview now have even heard of this event.
Sadly I think you're right.
The Disclosure Project Press Conference May 9, 2001
National Press Club was potentially a major
event in history.
I was there, as you were.
I helped to set it up with the Press Club, and so forth.
In other words, I assisted Steven Greer's Disclosure Project
to the extent that I could.
And to quickly recap, they presented to an audience of 200,
which included 100 press and 17 camera crews.
And press from all over the world, by the way.
International and national, yeah.
It was the largest press club conference held
at the Press Club in memory.
No one could recall one larger.
They presented the distillation of his witness work,
about 120 hours of testimony,
or was it 220 hours of testimony from about
a hundred and some witnesses was distilled to a
four-hour greatest hits tape, and I think 75 witnesses.
And they presented that along with about
21 witnesses onsite.
Ran through their very brief capsule of their personal
experience and who they were.
And the intent was simple, to try to create a credibility
jump to take it to another level so the press could be
freed up from this trance that they've been in.
They've bought into a government propaganda move,
which has happened before.
I mean, there's nothing unusual about that.
The press have been fooled before.
I used to be a member of the press--
Yeah, they're fooled.
as a matter of fact,
and as a news anchor I was not allowed to mention
this issue ever.
And not in America.
I think German press got kinda fooled in 1930's,
and the British press were fooled over colonization,
a lot of other things.
I mean, the press get fooled, and they bought into it,
and this attempts to move above that.
And of course it was held in Washington,
so you're talking about the political press.
So the event was important.
The testimony was powerful.
In fact, just as an aside, a tape of the four-hour
condensed tape was delivered through a contact of mine
directly to Ted Koppel at Nightline, who I and others
had been approaching on this issue for nearly 10 years,
but would not do it.
Touch it.
To his unfortunate, I think he will regret that.
In any event, somebody from ABC got back to me, ABC News,
that night and said, OK, we will start vetting six of your
best witnesses for further perhaps interviews and so forth.
Wonderful, and I assumed that similar things were happening
at other networks, and perhaps CNN and so forth.
And the stage was set.
If these witnesses started getting significant prime time
interview face time on these shows, some of them are so good
that I just can't believe the press wouldn't have
broken rank.
And then just four months later
the alleged Saudi Arabian flying circus came to town.
Right, nine eleven, and the entire issue died.
Along with a thousand other issues.
Many other issues, but that issue died.
Yeah, and the follow up ended, and as a result
though there was coverage, there was a substantial
internet presence there.
It was broadcast live, and hits were pouring in by the
hundreds of thousands.
Its a big world, and so five years later I'm sure that
maybe one in 500 people, maybe even one in a thousand
you could meet on the street would know what you're
talking about when you talk about May 9th, 2001.
If that.
Your viewers should go to the
disclosureproject.org website.
They have the media coverage, and the media coverage
was not too bad.
There was, in fact, a lot, and there were
a number of news articles.
It was covered on a number of stations.
The Washington Post in particular--
I remember the Post.
definitely did a, no the Times did a good piece,
but the Washington Post,--
Oh, that was that slam piece.
to their utter disgrace--
Yeah, yeah, right.
utter disgrace because I know the situation at the Post,
and I've been following it for a very long time.
A great paper which will have much, much, much to answer.
The extent of their coverage was a humor piece
by Joe Rokenbok, who eventually went on to become
the backup humor columnist for the Washington Magazine
in the newspaper after Dave Barry left.
He did a humor piece on it because he has been the
designated humor guy on the subject for a long time.
He's a smart guy, he has wife, he has kids,
and he ended up either wittingly or unwittingly being put in
the role of being the, along with Howard Kurtz,
the buffer debunkers, to avoid having to deal with real
journalism on this issue.
I hope it was unwitting because if it wasn't, he's got a lot
to answer for, and he's gonna live a long time.
The Post has committed absolute journalistic heresy
on this issue for as long as we can go back to the
beginning of the Post.
I believe the compromise occurs at the publishing level
involving the Grahams and includes the current publisher.
It is the political paper in America, and for as long as
the Washington Post has existed it has deliberately
and intentionally stood down on the work and the research
regarding the extraterrestrial presence,
and has deceived the public.
This is intentional at the high level, not necessarily
at the level of the reporting, the direct reporting.
And I believe that everybody associated with this act
on the part of the Post needs to answer for it either
through their memoirs or through interviews at some point
so that it never happens again.
And I'm happy to debate any member of the Washington Post
editorial board or the publishing board or their
science teams or anything else, debate their role in this,
what they have said and done about this,
and what they allegedly know about this.
Let me also point out that for four years running
I contacted the publishers of the Washington Post
in a very I think reasonable and straightforward way,
offered to arrange meetings with some of the top people
in this field, including astronauts and other witnesses,
to meet privately with the top editors.
The meeting would not be divulged.
It would be off the record so that they could then make
an informed decision about, wow, if these people with this
level of credibility and experience are saying this,
maybe we should do some journalism here.
So the risk would be minimal,
and absolutely was turned down.
Not only was not turned down, there was only one time
that they even responded.
And so let it be known the Post has had dozens and dozens
of opportunities to engage this issue, and has intentionally
and deliberately, and in my opinion unethically,
chosen not to engage this issue because in my opinion
it is in cooperation with the United States government's
military and intelligence complex on this issue,
which raises the question what other major issues
of the day and past days did the Post elect to be in
cooperation with?
To suppress, yes.
And we're talking about, when you were mentioning
astronauts two that come to mind immediately are
Gordon Cooper and Edgar Mitchell.
For openers.
They've both been very open about their express
understanding that extraterrestrial presence exists, period.
Oh I mean, let's just cut to the chase.
A gentleman with a PhD in astrophysics from MIT,
who became an astronaut, but not any astronaut because
only the creme de la creme got the moon walk, alright.
It wasn't a lottery.
Every astronaut would have sold their soul to the devil
to get that, and only the very best got to walk on the moon,
and Edgar Mitchell walked on the moon.
And for the last seven years, now going back to '97,
last nine years he has repeated over and over again,
based on high level sources, there is an extraterrestrial
presence engaging this planet,
and the Roswell events were true, alright?
And that there is a cover up.
Have you seen him on Nightline?
Have you seen him with Dan Rather?
Have you seen him on any major news program
being interviewed?
No.
They are basically saying
read the tabloids.
That's where the truth is.
Edgar Mitchell is not someone to be trusted.
And I say Edgar Mitchell has more integrity than
the entire political core in Washington, D.C.
covering the press, alright?
And they owe him a big apology.
Gordon Cooper, he's a legend.
Right.
Right, he's a legend.
Goes back a little further.
He came public on what he had seen and heard
during an event that took place, an actual landing event.
He also came forward with his view that UFOs were real,
and so forth.
Let me assure you, both men paid heavily for this.
And while their publicists, I've actually talked to
the publicist of Gordon Cooper, won't say that,
they won't say, "Oh no no no, they haven't paid"
because that doesn't serve what opportunities are there.
Let me assure you that the awards, the opportunities,
the business opportunities and perhaps money to live on,
books and everything else, additional opportunities
for these things that were lost to these gentlemen
because they defied the military intelligence complex,
the secret empire on this issue,
and particularly defied them given their high standing,
is incalculable, right?
I don't believe that Mitchell has gotten
the Medal of Freedom.
If I am mistaken, I hope to be corrected on that,
and I will research it.
I'm not even sure Gordon Cooper got the Medal of Freedom.
Given who they've been giving the Medal of Freedom
to lately, if that's true, it's a disgrace that I don't even
wanna get into 'cause I'll get angry.
Well, I can tell, and I know you're angry,
and a lot of people are angry on this issue,--
They should be.
and it goes even further than that, and I would like to
get into just a couple of the what I thought were really
some of the incredible testimony.
Just a little bit to give people watching just a taste
of what was going on, and one of them that really
captured me was Captain Robert Salas and what happened
with the nuclear silos.
Now here's first hand.
Gordon Cooper, for instance, had a little first hand,
and he had some sources.
Edgar Mitchell was primarily from high level sources,
but he's certainly a man to have such sources.
But here's Salas who's just a classic example of a
patriotic American who served in the military,
served well, has gone on to do well in his life.
Does not have a vested interest in quote,
the UFO research arena, and everything else that's gone.
In fact, I think he probably preferred not to be dealing
with it at all.
It's very simple.
He was, I think he was lead officer down in the silo
when a craft came down and hovered directly over the gate.
And it scared the men who were guarding the gate.
Well, it scared them so much, the only injury occurred
when one guard tried to climb back over the fence
into the compound, not that it would have made
much difference.
Because the UFO was
hovering over the facility.
He cut himself on the wire.
And so the calls went down into the silo, and he got those.
He never actually came up out of there, he couldn't.
This is happening, this is happening, what are we gonna do?
And he's basically saying something to the effect of
do this, do that.
He's limited in what he could do.
So but all hell's breaking loose up there at a SAC base.
And then the missiles started shutting down
one after another, boink, boink, boink, boink.
This doesn't happen very often.
More interestingly, missiles were also being shut down
at other bases up the line, alright?
Now what happens after that?
Eventually he emerges.
He gets the direct testimony from people there.
He has since contacted those people, they're still alive.
If one of our fine news establishments would like to
look into one of the most interesting cases in history
involving a SAC base, these people could be assembled
and interviewed.
If they could take a little time off covering the
Petersen trial or Natalie Holloway's disappearance in Aruba.
You know, the news is now CNN, crime news network,
FNN, fa news network,
and MSNBC, the missing news network.
Ted Turner has virtually said, he actually apologized
to the American people for what's happened to CNN,
that he let it get away from him and turned into
the show that it's become.
Not that there aren't a couple of
good people on these shows.
But just let me interject one thing.
Before Colonel Salas went about his own research
he was visited by special investigations,
and as most of the witnesses were--
Oh yeah, sure.
they had to sign,
they were under a national security oath,
and they had to sign they would never speak of these events
under threat of, well court martial, imprisonment, whatever.
And he didn't speak for a long time.
And this was a big risk for any of them to speak.
Less risk when he finally came out.
I mean, the context of which Bob Salas came out
is way different because the whole thing has changed.
We're heading toward disclosure very soon,
and as we get close to it what the people inside are willing
and not willing to do has dramatically changed.
But let me tell you, if he had made a move to approach
the press on what he knows back in the early '80's,
he might have ended up with a bad fate.
But nevertheless--
And going back to that event, the silos,
boom boom boom, one shut down at a time.
And then after what, 30, 40 seconds they came back.
It was a short time--
They were to bring them back up.
a minute or two they came right back up.
And it happened again.
I mean, it happened in the '80s, but the Salas event
was most prominent because he is one of the few that decided
I'm gonna talk about this, and made the effort to go and
reconnect some of the people that were there,
that actually saw it onsite, confirming once again that
this wasn't just sort of a, you know, maybe they brought
a couple cases of beer out to the SAC base, you know,
and got a little high, no no.
But the fact is if the news were to start investigating
the Salas case, you know what would happen?
They would start learning about other events at SAC bases,
and other people like him would come forward if they felt
they had proper cover, and the next thing you know
they might have dozens of people working SAC bases
in the '70s and '80s where our missiles were interfered with
by these craft.
You think that's news?
Is that news?
Will somebody tell me who works for American news
media today what is news?
(Regina laughs)
What does it constitute to be news?
Because I'm starting to not understand it anymore.
It's not clear to me.
I mean, clearly war is news, and any beautiful person gets
kidnapped is news.
Paris Hilton is.
And celebrity that commits a crime is news,
but outside of that it's not clear to me what news is.
I would like to brought up to speed.
Well, I think you're sharing that viewpoint
with most everybody watching this,
including myself.
I hope so.
I hope, I hope.
Meanwhile going back to, I mean this has
a lot of implications.
I'm just gonna stick with that one event for another
second or two because, OK, the craft was there,
the silo shut down, it was very peaceful,
they came right back up again.
Clearly this was simply, it would appear, if one's trying to
second guess what might have happened,
there was some sort of show that this is really,
we're not the only ones that may have control
over this kind of behavior in terms of shooting off
nuclear weapons on the planet.
Who knows what the deal was.
We're guessing.
Yeah, we're guessing.
They shut it down,
they let it back up, they left, there was nobody hurt.
Was it a, look, your silly nuclear weapons which
you're gonna destroy yourself with,
they're nothing.
Here's what we can do with it.
Exactly.
Or don't mess with us.
We will do with you as we please.
We can shut your missiles down.
Or here's a little warning.
We don't know.
Obviously if the UFO cover up, or what I call the truth
embargo was over, if the major investigative journalists
in the country were exploring every aspect of it
going back to '47, if all the living witnesses and also
the living people working within the military intelligence
complex going back were now being vetted, we might know.
We might know.
But we have to guess.
But one thing seems sure is we're not seeing
major shoot outs above ground coming from craft.
It doesn't appear at this moment, just I would rather
go with the thought that
by and large these might be shows of strength,
but these are not violent,
these are not shows of, how shall we say,
these are not aggressive acts per se.
I would blame no one for going with that,
but it's not a luxury that I have.
The position of Paradigm Research Group, which is the
organization I founded in '96, is this.
Presence of extraterrestrials is a utterly
non-partisan phenomenon.
There is no evidence that they're here for
rich white people.
There's no evidence they're here for the Catholics
or the Muslims.
They're engaging the whole planet.
It is a global phenomenon.
It is not about politics, per se, in that sense,
so it's non-partisan.
I say actually, but it does have political implications,
lord knows, and so--
But the presence is non-political.
We don't know yet what their intentions are fully.
We don't know what maybe has happened in the past
in terms of arrangements with them.
We have huge amounts of gaps in information.
We don't know, and so given the fact that there is still
evidence that some untold things are happening,
untoward things are happening, particularly when you
get into the abduction phenomena research,
which I have gotten into fairly well as an observer,
not as a researcher, you cannot dismiss that there may be
hostile intentions here.
But even John Mack, who was one of the
preeminent researchers in the area of the abduction
phenomenon, even he came around to saying, you know,
it appears that there is a presence, it does not,
and the people that have these experiences ultimately have
these feeling of oftentimes appreciation,
oftentimes almost a celestial kind of feeling
about the experience.
There are others that may interpret it differently,
and we have to, there's so much to go in there,
we are not even gonna go there.
But I guess what I am saying is--
He started out that way.
there is something--
He started out that way, but toward the end he was
going another direction.
Well, everything I read, I viewed it almost
the opposite.
Toward the end John was
starting to take a more open minded view that the
activities of these extraterrestrials was not necessarily
easy to ascribe benignity.
He started out with a very broad minded, open minded
approach, very much emphasizing on spirituality,
consciousness expansion, and so forth, that was his camp.
But he received a lot of pressure over the years,
and just before his death he was starting to consider
the possibility that it wasn't--
Pressure over the years is key.
No, pressure from arguments, counter arguments.
Remember there are other research out there.
The three top researchers were Mack, Hopkins and Jacobs.
And Hopkins and Jacobs were not in Mack's camp, alright?
He was moving toward their camp at the end.
So again, I wanna make it very clear.
I know I have talked to too many abductees.
They are not happy about this, and some of the actions
of these ETs is unacceptable.
And so I cannot take a position yet that it's all good.
Let's party and have disclosure.
My position is we don't know, and if it's bad,
I can make a very powerful case why all of us
need to be informed tomorrow, alright?
If ETs are coming to colonize us, I'd like all six billion
of us to meet them at the gate.
On the other hand, if it's good, if they are trying to
help us avoid a whole series of calamities which we've
nicely arranged for ourself, well gee,
I'd like to know that so all six billion of us can join
in the productive activity.
Right now it's confined to a cabal of elderly white men,
with military and intelligence background,
who in a very narrow sense are defining our history
and making decisions of monumental importance
on the part of the rest of us.
We're talking about 20 or 30 people that are calling
the shots for 5,990,990,980, right?
I don't wanna operate that way.
I don't want the world to operate that way.
The cabalistic cover up truth embargo needs to end,
and all of us need to get involved to get to the bottom.
Are they good, bad, indifferent?
Are there multiple species?
Are three relatively benign species holding the Borg at bay?
What is our future entail?
Because right now we're asleep.
We can't even take care of ourself.
We can't even take care of our own planet.
And so when you wanna talk about, gee, what is the political
alignment in the exo-political world that we need to
know about that may decide whether or not this planet
is going to be a cinder or essentially not even in
our control 30 years from now, right?
Or are we gonna be in alliance with...
Where's that being discussed?
Where is that in the media?
So the issue is not trying to know now
what do they eat for breakfast?
What is their politics?
What planet do they come from?
Are they good, bad, indifferent?
What do they think of Paris Hilton?
The interest is in the embargo so that the issue then
becomes available for discernment by the entire species
of the planet, and not a limited few.
But just to take a little heat out of it,
empirical evidence is with that kind of technology
they could have controlled us to a much larger extent
by now had they chosen to.
Now no one knows how many species, what motives, etc.
But the fact is, we're all doing it to ourselves,
and that's what the real interest here is that
nothing's being done to us from the outside it would appear
as much as what we are dong to ourselves as the
human species, right?
I mean, is it fair enough to say that?
Are we doing more harm to ourselves than any ETs
are doing to us from outside?
Let me put it this way, you could say that,
but I mean, the point would not be important enough
to the larger picture.
In other words, look.
When a group of scientists take 20,000 rats and run them
through a series of experiments for 20 or 30 years,
the issue is not how much are they torturing the rats,
or do we feed them well, or what are we doing to them?
The issue is there's 20,000 rats who are involved in
an experiment being run by higher beings.
Is that what's happening to us?
So I want to know what is their relationship to us?
And it doesn't necessarily assuage my concern that
they're not personally coming down here and torturing me.
Let me give you an anecdote from just a couple of weeks ago.
At the Laughlin Conference, the UFO Congress that's
run by Teri and Bob Brown, Hopkins and Jacobs,
the two remaining top researchers in the world since
Mack's untimely death in London, gave a joint presentation
that was striking.
And they each had about half the time,
and they had some slides, and here was the message
that they were giving.
They were saying, and I'm paraphrasing so I apologize to
David and Bud if I've got it slightly wrong,
is that they are getting a whole striking new set of reports
back from abductees that they are interviewing that
they weren't getting a year and a half ago.
Well, just as an example--
And the nature of these reports is that abductees
are being taken up into craft, and they are being
participating in efforts to show hybrids how to function
down here on the Earth.
How to buy groceries, how to--
Blend.
drive a car.
How to blend in.
How to blend in, alright?
Yes, right.
The implication are is that, and they basically said this,
it's possible that we're right on the verge of a major
inculcation of hybrids into the world.
I don't think anybody wants to jump to
conclusions about that.
I think the fact that they're not teaching them how to
commit mass murder is nice to know.
But it's equally a mistake for the intelligent thinking
good kind people of this world, of which there are
not enough, but still a pretty substantial number,
to jump to the conclusions that everything associated
with these beings is just fun and dandy as it is
for the militarists and the intelligence freaks and the
control freaks that pretty much run the United States,
and have for some time, to jump to the conclusion
these entities are absolutely vile, and must be resisted
at all costs, and they're prepared to spend trillions
of dollars on quote, anti-ET weapons.
Both points of view are premature.
But if you look at one, the latter
you just mentioned, you always have to follow the money.
Who stands to gain from creating these anti-ET weapons?
You're always going back to the same thing over and over.
You create enemies, somebody has a lot to gain.
I always look at that one almost number one.
Who stands to gain by creating fear of any kind?
And that doesn't discount the fact that we don't know
who the other beings are that are visiting this planet.
Empirically they don't seem to be creating large events
of any kind we can see in our cities.
Yes, maybe they are being taught how to shop
so they can blend and things like this.
We're not seeing any terror at this moment.
I can get you in touch with some abductees that will
strongly disagree.
I know there are
some abductee stories about some of the very unpleasant
things that have happened to them in their experience,
during these experiences.
But nonetheless I think what I'm saying is again,
always follow the money.
Who's making the statements?
Where does the fear come from?
Who stands to gain from those contracts that are making
these anti-ET weapons?
It keeps going back to the same people that are
generating the fear.
This is certainly, the follow the money argument is
very much in vogue.
It does have a rational basis.
It's only one aspect, though.
If I go out tomorrow and have a serious car accident,
the hospital that receives my insurance money
benefits from it.
That doesn't mean that a hospital employee was out there,
you know, driving me off the road.
There is ample evidence of ET presence completely
independent of money--
Right, absolutely.
and completely independent--
of the money interest.
That's true.
And so while that concern certainly should never
be dismissed, who's benefiting from what,
the overall picture has got to be considered.
That's only one part of it.
And this I agree with.
Let me make a key point, here is the key point.
This is the message that I'm sending right out
through this camera, OK?
To everyone that's gonna listen to this.
One of my concerns as a political activist on this issue
is that a whole lot of very nice people, good people with
good hearts, right, who wish the ETs well,
they wish the human race well and everybody else,
who are getting interested in this issue,
who are taking this view that, you know,
I think it's all good.
And since it's all good, I'm just gonna kinda sit back,
and it'll all work out.
I don't need to press the press, the media.
I don't need to press the political candidates.
I don't need to cause a fuss.
I don't need to support any activism because it's all good.
And I'll wait for it to all work out.
I think they're makin' a mistake.
OK, now wait a minute, but that is assuming
that we are only driven by fear, not genuine curiosity
and looking for right.
And that I would take exception to.
I don't think most people watching this are
only driven by fear.
The fact is that that information has been suppressed
all of these years, and that these incredibly brave
human beings have come forward and put themselves
on the line to say these experiences have existed.
Doesn't have to be a fear-based drive for that information
to be released.
No, it doesn't, but I can say
from 10 years of experience that a whole lot of
good people who know about this issue
and have the resources to engage the political action here
simply are not doing it.
There is not a single person in the good group,
the good, kind, thoughtful, progressive group.
So you're saying fear is a greater drive
to actually get something done.
I'm saying that they're making a mistake by taking
the view that I'm not gonna be fear driven.
I think these ETs are good, so therefore I see no need
to challenge the government on this issue.
I see no need to be politically active on this issue.
I say you do both.
I'm just gonna stand back.
The government should definitely be challenged.
So should the press, and not only that.
But they're not doing it.
This goes high up, though, in terms of
the challenge, and there are a couple of things
I wanna get to about Philip Corso and all down the road,
but first of all where you are right now in all of this,
this goes deeply into politics.
President Kennedy asked upon his, after inauguration,
so tell me, what is the deal with ETs?
Because it was a hot issue at that time in the '60s.
That information, from my understanding,
and please correct me if I'm wrong in this,
was he was not considered to be in a need-to-know
basis on this.
What happened after that?
A little bit of evidence.
A little bit of evidence to that.
And Jimmy Carter, and on and on.
Well, I can give you a very short answer to that.
Grant Cameron and I have co-written a book
that's in extensive draft, long draft,
called U.S. Presidents and the Politics of Disclosure,
which talks about the interaction of this issue
with Presidents going all the way back to Truman.
And so particularly Grant Cameron, alright,
who has a substantial website on the net that can be
Google'd easily, knows a great deal about this issue.
I got a top agent in New York, and that top agent
presented that book, which is loaded with great stuff,
to every major publisher in New York,
and every single one of them turned it down.
And they basically most of them were saying, you know,
this is not a bad book but you know we couldn't do that now.
The fact is that not all Presidents are given
the same amount of information.
As we've gotten closer to the present,
present Democratic Presidents are much more likely
to get less information, OK?
Because the military intelligence community is now
heavily Republican.
Used to be about 12% Republican, eight percent Democrat,
the rest was independent.
Now it's around, and I have to get my figures,
70% Republican, 12% Democratic.
In the last 35 years our military intelligence community
became partisanized, and no one paid attention,
not even our fine upstanding news media.
Meaning we have a Republican military intelligence complex.
Now does that mean they're bad?
No, but it means that they are affiliated.
In the old days the military people,
they registered independent because they felt that
their role was non-partisan.
They're here to defend the country, not just their
Republican or Democratic buddies.
But that's all changed.
Now they're basically heavily registered,
four or five to one Republican.
So does it surprise anybody that since the 1970's
Republican Presidents have been given more information
than Democratic Presidents?
Meaning you know, it's like--
This is true because the only ones that I've
really heard about are the ones that were denied access,
and it's right--
You got it.
every one of them were Democrats.
You got it, and of course I could spend, I have a
presentation that goes into the Clinton administration.
It's two and a half hours long.
It'll blow your mind.
Well, can you get into just a little bit of it
right now to find out where we are politically
with this issue and who says of the last
Democratic President.
Shorthand, in 1993 a sign of the most powerful,
one of the most powerful American families,
the Rockefellers, Lawrence Rockefeller approached
the President through his Office of Science and
Technology Chief, John Gibbons.
Henry Diamond, Lawrence Rockefeller's attorney made
the initial approach,
and Rockefeller's intention was quite clear.
He wanted Bill Clinton to end the UFO cover up.
And they spent three years.
Meetings were held, research papers were put together.
All this was going over at Gibbons' office,
and everybody in the executive at the high end
knew about it, though they've never said so.
Bill Clinton knew about it, Hillary knew about it,
John Podesta, his chief aide on security issues
at the time knew about it, but they didn't get involved
because this was the buffer, in a sense.
And primarily because of the attacks that rained down
on Clinton, which I believe were connected to this
UFO engagement by, the UFO issue engagement by
Lawrence Rockefeller.
That's why they went after Clinton, not because of adultery.
Hell, most of the Republicans in town are
committing adultery.
Not because of some scandal.
Well, you're there, I guess you'd know.
Yeah, not some kind of scandal like Whitewater.
Most Republicans would consider Whitewater
a joke as a scandal.
I mean, they don't even get to scandal level
until you get up to 20, 30 million range.
She you got what?
A hundred thousand dollars in beef futures?
It was a joke nobody could understand.
Why was everybody after, why did they come down
on Clinton so hard, so fast?
Why did they indict Wester Hubbell for everything,
including the sinking of the Maine?
Just to make it clear in one sentence,
why did they you're saying.
I believe it was because
when they found out that Lawrence Rockefeller was
engaging the administration to become the disclosure
presidency, and he was being received,
the thing was actually, discussions were being held
in the OSTP Office, and that Clinton told Hubbell to go
look into the issue with Justice,
people in the intelligence community decided that
they had to get rid of him by the end of that term.
I believe they opened up files to Mellons, Gaith and others,
and said look, here's all his mistresses, here's the dates
and the times and everything, 'cause they have to vet
every person that gets close to the presidency.
They have files like this, but they're supposed to be
(claps) secured, under no circumstance ever used
in a partisan political way.
They're simply there to protect the national
security interests.
I think those files got opened, and that's what caused
the attacks on Clinton.
Certainly Monica
didn't affect national security.
Oh she did, oh she did, but not in a way that
would be appropriate.
The real story of the Clinton administration
has not been told,
and one of the reasons it hasn't been told
is because of the extraordinary circumstance in which
you have a President who went through some pretty
amazing things, who could have simply left the office,
written a couple of books and turned the world on its ear.
He just happened to have a wife that plans on
becoming President.
It's a problem, isn't it?
Well, he has some
new best friends, too.
Well, that may be related to that, but just on that
basis alone no ex-President that I'm aware of in the
modern era, and maybe none in history,
has ever left the office knowing that his wife had
a pretty good shot to be President very soon.
Completely affects what he may or may not say or do.
Right.
Right?
Why Carter is keeping quiet on this is not clear.
I think Carter was threatened.
I think he was really threatened because what he tried to do
was in the early period, it was in 1977, way too soon.
And so when Carter started up two extraterrestrial studies
out of the White House, the hammer came down on him
just like it did on Bill Clinton.
Because he had had a personal experience,
which is what encouraged him--
He had a sighting.
He'd had a sighting.
And he mentioned it in the campaign.
Yes, he did.
What a radical idea.
He actually said something truthful in the campaign
about something that happened to him.
Got tens of thousands of letters, actually started
two studies, and they came down on Carter
with an iron fist.
Who was the head
of the CIA at that time?
Well, the first person that basically told him to
go pound sand was George H.W. Bush.
Right.
He came to Bush and said I'd like to look into
this ET thing.
I think Bush must have just laughed like crazy,
and just said forget it, go see Congress.
Then he went to NASA, and they told him forget it, Jimmy.
There was no respect for Jimmy Carter when he came in,
and he was a military guy, Navy guy, nuclear physicist.
But you know, he was not a Republican,
and he was not considered fit to know the real truth
about things by that little group that knows.
Not on a need to know basis.
He wasn't able to handle the truth.
This is the politics of the last 40 years,
and it's this screwball, absurd approach that emerged
out of the Cold War and the secret empire that was
being built that's headed to taking the country
over the cliff.
The effect of the secret empire, which was created
for two reasons, one, to defeat the Soviet Union,
which unfortunately we encouraged to become our
vicious enemy after the war, though they didn't need
a lot of encouragement, and they were led by a man who,
if he isn't in hell, hopefully will get there eventually.
And also because they knew ETs were here.
They knew ETs were here as early as the middle 40's.
So they had to deal with those two issues,
and they create this huge secret empire
which became out of control.
It's now massive, OK?
And as a result it's become like a huge gravitational force
that has been warping every other aspect of
American governance, changing the relationships between
the Congress and the DOD and the NSA and the President
and the President and the Congress,
warping the relationships just like a huge dysfunctionality
in the middle of a family warps the relationships between
the husband and the wife and the wife and the daughter
and the son and the father, until the whole family
is screwed up, and they're all in rehab.
That's what's going on.
Well, if we were only in rehab,
that would be a step forward.
We're going to rehab one way or another.
(both laughing)
But let me bring something up here.
My understanding is that a number of the various
secret or intelligence agencies, was it even the NSA,
a lot of this was actually in response to the various
events that took place in the 1940's regarding UFOs,
including the crash at Roswell.
Oh, absolutely.
They were in response to that.
Most people don't know this.
There's a hidden history of the 20th century, alright?
The government said look, we have to just,
and this happened before.
Remember how the Soviets were constantly
airbrushing people out of photos?
Yeah.
To change history, OK.
We would do the same thing.
Basically they said look, we're gonna create,
there is gonna be a hidden history from 1947 on until
some unspecified date that the public can't know about.
So they're gonna know about this,
but they can't know about this.
And so there is this parallel history that's going on,
and the press laid down on this issue.
They basically said OK, you wanna hide it, we'll hide it.
Now where these deals were struck and who, I don't know,
it doesn't matter, they were definitely struck because
I know plenty of media, I know plenty of,
I like journalism, I respect journalists.
They're critical to our salvation, and so I know that
they're not stupid enough to have been bamboozled about
an entire hidden history of the 20th century.
So there were arrangements made somewhere,
and then it worked out.
That hidden history is that in addition to the Soviet
threat and the Cold War, there was an entire separate
motivation for the creation of the National Security Act,
the CIA, the NSA, underground facilities, bases in the west,
certain kinds of weapon systems, and on and on and on.
But the beauty of it, conveniently so, I think it was just
an accident, I don't think they contrived it,
was that the other history, the Soviet threat and
the Cold War, was the perfect cover for this history.
And so they were able to completely subsume this.
But the problem here, it's like the hidden second body
in a binary star system where they've got a star up there,
and they've got planets going around,
and it don't quite operate right.
And they're going, you know, it doesn't make sense
unless there's a brown dwarf binary star that you can't see
going around the other one, then it all works.
The entire extraterrestrial issue is the hidden binary dwarf
that's been orbiting the reality of the 20th century,
and because it wasn't fully vetted, it wasn't fully
acknowledged, it created these unknown, unexplainable things
that the politicians and the historians and others
couldn't understand.
In other words, this shouldn't be happening
unless there is this, but they didn't know about this,
or they weren't allowed to know about this.
Right, right.
That's not good.
When you got a planet that's going from 1.5 billion people
in the year 1900 to six billion people in the year 2000
to nine billion people in the years 2050,
when its technology curve is going straight up to the point
where hell, high school kids will have their own
nuclear weapons in ten years,
you can't have a hidden history like that.
If you subtract a history like that, then you've got
something that's going right (claps) over the cliff.
I'm talking destruction of civilization.
I'm talking turnarounds like the United States
becoming second world.
I'm talking massive environmental destruction.
I'm talking about the inability to deal with meteors
coming from space, diseases emerging,
and a thousand other things.
I'm talking about a breakdown in the fundamental ability
of an extremely expanding group of human beings
to deal with the finite realities of their planet
to the point where it all falls apart.
And what you've got is six billion people running around
heavily armed, really angry.
That's where we're going because there's this
dark star, this component of a secret empire
which has been withheld from everybody on the planet
except a limited few that's skewing everything up,
and I use the word skewing
deliberately--
Skewing, yes.
so that we can't make things work.
See the two party problem, the Republicans and
the Democrats are all the same.
Why can't we make that work?
Well, we don't know.
The environmental thing?
Why can't we really deal with the oil issue?
I don't know.
Why didn't we jump on that ozone thing earlier?
Why are we only spending a couple million dollars a year
to deal with the possibility of a meteor impact
which would destroy civilization?
We spend less on trying to detect near Earth objects
than any typical billionaire in this country spends
on their public relations.
Why?
All these answers, nobody has answers for any of this
because they don't know about this.
Now this is why anybody that comes to me and says
ETs are good, and I can't wait for them to get here.
Well, what are you gonna do about getting
the information out?
I can't help.
I'm going you better help because if things go down,
it's not gonna be just the bad people.
A lot of good people are gonna be saying, why me?
I love, I love, I love, I love life, I love people,
I'm good, I'm kind, I think the ETs are wonderful.
Why is my life about to be ruined?
There were an awful lot of good people in that
World Trade Center that day sitting there, you know.
They give to charity, they take care of their kids,
they're responsible, and they're truth telling,
and they feel good about themselves,
and they want America to be a good country.
Do you think it mattered when that plane
came through their window?
We're all headed for serious trouble, and unless everybody
gets on board and starts taking action,
they're going to suffer the consequences.
You're drawing a link between the ET issue
and the plane going through the window.
What exactly are you saying?
I might be obtuse here, but what are you saying?
I'm saying that when you spend a half a trillion
dollars a year, when you build the largest infrastructure
of security and intelligence the world has ever seen,
when you've got satellites in space that can monitor
every communication on the planet that ever goes airborne,
and you let a bunch of religious fanatics come in and
attack the Pentagon, and then it's shown that you've made
so many screw ups in the 10 or 15 years later, alright?
I'm saying you spent a half a trillion for nothing,
at best, alright?
Or worse, as the 911 theorists are now emerging with
whole counter arguments, there may have been subsets
of actual venality here, which is saying what?
What it's saying is that something, as I pointed out,
is skewing the ability of vast agencies to do their job,
of intelligence communities to do their job,
of the military to do its job so that guys with box cutters
can destroy massive infrastructures and cause us several
hundred billion dollars in damage and help
lead us to war supposedly, right?
It doesn't make sense.
Just like if you went to a hospital, and you needed to have
major brain surgery, and they brought in a short order cook
and said, today we're gonna let the short order cook
operate on you, you'd wanna know why.
And we say we can't tell you, because you don't have
a need to know that.
And you'd be sitting there going, wow,
I'm in deep trouble, aren't I?
When things don't make sense--
It does seem that we're being run by
short order cooks, I might say.
Yeah, when things don't make sense.
In other words, Lewis Carroll wrote a great book,
and it's fun to read, but you don't wanna live it.
In other words, you just wanna read about
Alice in Wonderland.
You don't wanna live Alice in Wonderland,
'cause we don't live in those times, those pro se times
in England with those wonderful lawns and the forests
and following the little rabbit down the hall.
Uh uh, we don't live in times like that.
We live in times now when a couple of guys can drive
a truck into Washington tomorrow and blow it
to kingdom come.
And that will move the Capitol to Denver,
which is why they built the airport there and dug it--
Down.
down so far because
the new Capitol is going to be underground.
You don't want to live in Alice in Wonderland today,
and we are.
Alice in Wonderland and the Emperor's New Clothes.
The government's position is you are so dumb
that we're gonna tell you WMDs are there when they aren't.
We're gonna tell you ETs aren't here when they are,
and you're gonna buy it.
You're just gonna eat that bologna sandwich
and wash it down.
And they actually believe that.
And by and large that's what's going on.
Now there is a revolution, there is a force emerging,
driven by the internet, driven by new money
to some degree in certain areas, not the ET area yet
'cause we are an incredibly rich nation.
We got teenagers worth $20 million dollars.
That's starting to counter.
Is it too late?
History has many examples where people finally go
(clap) I've had enough of this.
I'm mad as hell, and I can't take it anymore.
Like the guy in the FedEx ad, walks out the cave,
kicks the dinosaur, and then boom!
Big dinosaur comes down.
So it is too late?
We're going out there, we're mad as hell,
and boom!
You see, time matters, OK.
In other words, if the canoe is already gone off the falls,
and at that point you say, I think we need to start
paddling in the other direction, you see all that
good intent isn't going to matter.
It's too late.
Is it too late?
Read the mainstream books on environmental issues
and the political issues and the terrorist issues.
Not written by whackos and wingnuts,
written by people that are trained at Harvard,
at institutes of politics, and they're talking about
tipping points in at least four areas of the environment.
Right.
Pick up a Time Magazine where the cover says,
be afraid, be very afraid.
Time Magazine.
I'm not sure we have time.
It may be it's too late, and we need to just
steel ourselves for the end.
On the other hand, I'm not sure we don't have time.
But I am sure about one thing.
I'm trying to talk to a lot of people out there that
have the money and the power to change this tomorrow,
and they will not act.
Let's start with Steven Spielberg, who has made
a billion dollars from the issue of extraterrestrial
phenomena, and is a legend for trying to influence
politics with the Shoah Project and with Schindler's List
and ET and Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
That other series he did for SciFi.
When he was confronted by a Hollywood reporter,
what do you really think about this ET issue?
This was after the Taken miniseries was broadcast,
That's right.
He backed off.
Is he getting threatening phone calls in the
middle of the night?
We know they take place.
You are worth a billion dollars, you got a beautiful wife
and five kids, and your life is perfect.
And you get a call on your private line that nobody
has the number except your closest friend,
and somebody with a very military government sounding
voice says look, make your movies, make your billion,
enjoy your wife and your kids, but if you're gonna engage
the ET issue with money or open your mouth,
we're gonna take you down.
And it does happen.
That's why generally in our society, or in most societies,
the great changes come from people who don't have
much to lose.
It's the people that when they get that phone call,
they tell the government to go screw itself because
they don't have anything to lose.
The trouble is people like that have no money,
they're limited, they suffer, it's tough, alright?
So the message is if you want you can be an American, right?
Being American is pursuing happiness, right?
Life and liberty, life come next, liberty comes last.
Americans should be liberty first, right?
Life second, pursue happiness last.
We've sort of got it backwards.
Now I don't wanna pick on Steven Spielberg.
I pick on a lot of other people, alright?
But until people who have made hundreds of millions
of dollars from this issue put some of that money into
resolving this issue and ending the political impasse,
and ending this truth embargo,
all they are is rich and happy.
And history will look back and say, wow,
you could have done something about it,
and you sat on your butt because you were just too happy.
It's not gonna go well.
They're gonna forget about the movies they've made.
They're gonna forget about their great cars
and their penthouse apartments, and all they'll remember is
the people that had the ability to fund and engage
this issue chose not to do so, and left the fate of
the country and the planet in the hands of old
paradigm militarists.
Well, I don't wanna have to answer for that.
I don't have anything, so I have nothing to lose.
And I'm not afraid of the government, and there's not
a damn thing they can do to me that concerns me
in the slightest.
I need more people like Steven Greer and others who are
prepared to risk everything on this issue.
And Steven Greer had a lot to lose.
Has risked plenty.
He had a lot to lose, he had a wife,
he has four daughters--
He's been harassed,
he was a doctor--
badgered, two melanomas,
that's right.
he's gone through hell.
He had resources because he was wise enough
to buy Astro real estate early, but he sacrificed plenty.
I know others that have sacrificed.
I know people that have lost their life, their marriages,
their health and their money.
Trying to reveal this.
And others, and I'm not, let me tell you something.
I'm particularly irritated with people who have
made money off of the issue.
In other words, if you make a billion dollars over here
selling computers or something,
you may not even know about it.
But if you've made money off of it, if you've sold tickets
to these movies on ETs and so forth, and series,
and you've made science fiction books,
and you've made money from the interest that's emerging
naturally out of the fact the ETs are all over the place,
but when it comes to addressing the issue say,
well, I'm just here to make money, I don't need to do that.
But then you try to pass yourself off as being high minded
and socially conscious and politically engaging,
but not on this issue, this is too tough.
Well, it is tough if you have that kind of
pressure on you, and interestingly, this is not an issue
that is new, that didn't start in the 1940's.
History is laden with it.
Cave drawings have it.
Oh yeah, sure, yeah.
Renaissance art has it.
There's a fabulous website that shows ET art
throughout history, and some of it's comical
like the famous one with Mary, the Virgin Mary
with ETs floating around her head from,
when was that done?
Sixteen hundred, something like that.
I love that stuff.
I do, too, but the point is this isn't new.
It seems as though, because it was represented that
it was somehow accepted.
The presence of these other beings was accepted
throughout history.
Capsicola, there are many, many legends about
the beings who came, helped teach about irrigation,
growing crops, etc.
They've always been here.
It's only now that we have the suppression,
the cover up, and now going in to the anxiety and
real fears of it is even adding insult to injury on it.
Oh, there's always been a cover up.
ETs have always been here for a long time,
that's not new.
There's always been a cover up.
The church has covered this up absolutely.
They've tried, the artists still got it out.
OK, and in fact, if you wanna read a fascinating book,
it's a classic written by a man who wrote under a pen name,
and it's Gods of Eden by William Bramley.
Powerful book written a good while ago.
It was written in 1990, 16 years ago, but boy is it strong.
No, the ET presence is not new.
Cover up is definitely not new.
It goes back to ancient times.
What is new, alright, why are they all over the place?
Why are we getting all this information now?
They have the ability to obscure themselves much more.
Why are they not taking greater efforts to not be seen?
That's new.
They're driving some sort of a process.
And I hope it's the process I think it is.
I hope they're driving a self disclosure process down here
so that we can honor our social contracts,
which is an important concept which more people
need to know about and learn in school,
if they're learning anything in school anymore.
Every nation, the people of every nation of society
have a social contract with their government,
and the honoring of that contract is what makes things work.
And when those contracts get broken, it's not good.
Somalia, the contract was broken.
Just go see Blackhawk Down.
You'll know what I'm talking about.
Self disclosure honors the contract.
We take four or five years to absorb the information,
which is in abundance once the press takes the
paper bag off their head.
And by the way, the academia, don't let me let them
off the hook.
No no, you don't even have to go there.
We know about that.
Boy would I like to kick some academic butt.
But the point is that once the paper bags were taken
off their heads and they come out of the closet
and all that stuff, there's plenty of information.
So the issue is what's really new?
I think what's new is it's bar mitzvah time.
In other words, the planet is about to come of age,
and we're going to be acknowledged formally by them,
and we're gonna acknowledge them formally.
We're gonna have formal contact, but that needs to happen
after the self disclosure process.
If an independent scenario, an independent state scenario
were to take place where they parked a saucer,
a mother ship over every city,
they don't have to destroy anything, but let me tell you,
breaks every social contract because at that moment
the people are saying you didn't tell us about
that mother ship, and it's there now,
and so consequently my deal with you is over, alright?
That's bad.
But on the other hand, if the nations of the world finally
acknowledge to their citizens, yeah,
there's extraterrestrials here, and this is what we know,
and you know, don't panic.
Then five years later after digesting that
they show up, it's like--
Fine, let's talk.
hey, glad to see ya.
This I believe is what is happening, but I would never
tell somebody OK, and therefore this is what
you need to act on.
I'm saying this is one possibility, I believe it,
there are others, pay attention, get involved.
The point is it should be disclosed.
Oh, god.
It should be disclosed.
The bottom line is this.
I agree with you, I think that is the scenario,
and I agree that it should be disclosed.
And you are doing everything in your power to see that
that happens long after the May of 2001 event,
and I totally applaud you.
And I know how angry you are because I know
the obstacles you've been up against,
which is why I wanted to talk to you today and help
bring some light to this subject.
So you go, guy.
(laughing)
Thank you, thank you, and let's talk again because
you know, I tend to ramble.
No.
And I tend to aside--
But it's interesting.
and ad lib, and really we have only scratched the surface.
That's true.
The political implications that are involved,
and the political stuff that's happening now with
Paul Halyer and so many other things,
we could spend several more shows.
So let's do another show.
Yes.
Let's make sure that your viewers have at least
a base understanding of the political process
which is gonna lead to the disclosure event, right?
Which will come on 'em fast, right?
There won't be a lot of pre announcements,
and there'll be no engraved invitations.
So that they can make a decision.
And if you wanna be crass about it,
let me make it real clear, right?
Particularly to those people out there that have a
great deal of wealth that I wish they'd give some to me,
so I'm gonna give you a tip that could save you
a lotta money.
If the government announces the presence of
extraterrestrials on Monday, you had better be
short oil and long gold.
If you are short gold and long oil,
you're going to lose a lotta money, right.
All of this is real, it has real consequences.
We can stand down at our own peril.
Let's engage it politically, economically,
socially, spiritually.
Let's have a good time.
I guarantee you it's superior to the stuff we're
engaging right now, alright?
We can only go up from here.
If you'd like to know more about disclosure,
both in terms of history and what can be done now,
please go to Stephen's website listed below.
This is a subject of great importance, and in my opinion,
our governments have no right to withhold this knowledge
from us any longer.
Until next time, thanks for watching.
(jazzy title music)